Things I gotta do

16.06 Problem Set
16.06 review questions
Application to Bain, BCG, McKinsey, CS, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Booz Allen hamilton, JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Apple, Google, Airware

or Work on HomeFood

1.00 project

Bain password: Hudson1!

Cover Letter:

Hello members of Bain & Company, my name is Aaron Thomas and I am a junior at MIT studying Aerospace Engineering with a concentration in Robotics and Computer Science. I am also pursuing in a minor in quantitative economics. At Bain, I am seeking the position of an Associate Consultant Intern for the summer of 2014.

I think I will be a great asset to Bain because of my ability to stay calm in tough situations and ability to always return to my first principle. As an engineering student and a practicing engineer, I often meet difficult problems that seem unsolvable at first. My brain works in a very sequential fashion, I always define the assumptions, constraints, and the first principles necessary before attacking any problem. At SpaceX this past summer, my ability to break down a problem was heavily tested. My project was to derive efficiency equations and to re-design a 70,000 ft^2 production floor as to maximize the efficiency equation that I defined. This task is massive, and seemed inconceivable, but because of my ability to stay calm and think logically and sequentially, I was able to present my findings and research directly to Elon Musk, and as a result multiple workers have been hired and the design of the production floor has changed dramatically. Another instance, of my thinking being tested is in my game theory class, I am forced to stay rational and analyze problems sequentially. These two examples emphasize my ability to tackle large problems, while maintaining my cool and rational thinking, and these two attributes will be very useful when dealing with clients who bring unimaginable tasks to the table.

I welcome the opportunity to speak with you about my qualifications and ways that I can contribute to Bain & Company. Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you soon.


Aaron Thomas